[Music]
do you want your body to shape up get up
from your chair first they said yeah
this is a good motivation but I'm
telling you that getting up is not
necessary you can do a full workout
right behind your desk
welcome to the chair gym first make sure
your chair is strong and can support you
you'll need a regular office chair with
wheels and the usual one without wheels
the training sessions are divided into
three stages beginner medium and strong
before any workout in need to warm up
stretch your shoulders raise hands above
the head and clamp your fingers together
with palms facing up stretch our arms
upward as high as you can and hold for 2
to 3 deep breaths stretch your upper
back hold your arms out in front of you
palms facing down lower your head until
you get it in line with your arms round
your upper back and look at the floor
hold this position for 2 to 3 deep
breaths now let's stretch the triceps
lift one arm and bend it behind your
back reaching for the opposite shoulder
with your fingers put your other hand on
the others elbow and push it further
make 2 to 3 deep breaths change the hand
and repeat stretch your chest clamp your
hands behind your lower back and stretch
them barrel your chest and hold your
chin up hold this position for 2 to 3
deep breaths warm-up your torso with
oblique twists you'll need a swivel
chair for this one sit upright abs tight
and hold on to the edge of your desk
keeping your feet above the floor now
turn in the chair from side to side with
your arms clutching the desk repeat 15
times to either side
warm up your legs lean on the back of
the chair wrap your hands around one
knee and slowly pull it to your chest
hold this position for two to three deep
breaths now change legs you can also do
this exercise standing up stretch your
legs extend one leg forward keeping the
heel on the floor and try to reach your
toes with the fingers of one hand make
two to three deep breaths in this
position and repeat with the other leg
okay
now stretching and warm-up are done
let's proceed with the real deal doing
the exercises try to focus on the
quality not the number of reps sitting
with your legs together knees bent and
toes pointed down almost touching the
floor bend your elbows and open your
arms to the sides with palms facing
forward briskly straighten your legs out
to the sides propping on the heels and
raise your arms up now return to the
initial position and make thirty quick
reps the faster your moves the better
the results sit on the edge of the chair
arms crossed on the chest extend your
right leg out and place the foot on the
floor tighten your abs and twist your
body to the right lift the right leg
level with the left knee holding the
knees together switch legs keep your
breathing even to better work your abs
exhale during the twist and lift and
inhale as you return do 20 reps for both
sides do the skater switch sit on the
edge of the chair with your right knee
bent and sticking out to the side while
extending your left leg to the other
side lean forward and touch your left
hand to the right foot raising the right
arm up behind your body at the same time
switch sides quickly and fluently make
30 alternating reps changing arms and
legs as fast as you can
training the ABS sit tall knees bent and
held together clamp your hands behind
your head
tighten your abs and hinge your torso
back until your shoulders are touching
the back of the chair
then bend forward twisting and reaching
the right elbow to the outside of the
left knee repeat 20 times on both sides
now let's try to run in the chair extend
your legs and bend your arms pressing
them to the sides tighten your abs and
hinge back until your shoulders touch
the back of the chair raise your left
knee to the chest twist with your right
shoulder to that knee while pulling your
left elbow behind quickly switch sides
repeat as fast as you can and make 30
reps if you don't want to sit all the
time during training you can do an
intense standing workout but you still
need the chair here first let's do
triceps dips you'll need a chair without
wheels here slide from the chair and
prop yourself on its edge with both
hands behind you firmly plant your feet
on the floor bend your elbows and lower
your body keep your back as close to the
chair as possible straighten your arms
and raise yourself to the initial
position do 20 reps don't relax and go
straight to desk push-ups your desk
should be sturdy enough to support your
weight place your hands on your desk a
little wider than shoulder-width and
take a few small steps back lower your
upper body toward the desk with your
core tight push up with your arms
do 20 reps now if the previous exercise
is too difficult you can try the wall
step back from a wall and lean in with
your hands on it
palms wider than your shoulders bend
your elbows and lower yourself to the
wall don't forget to keep your abs tight
to make a straight line from head to
toes push back up and repeat 20 times oh
and remember to come back later and
clean
the handprints from the wall let's move
on to chair squats rise from your chair
and lower your body back almost touching
the seat stand back and do it again
repeat 10 to 15 times in the future you
can remove the chair and make full
fledge squats now to the calves stand
behind the chair and hold on to its back
for support lift your heels from the
floor until you're standing on your toes
fix this position for two to four
seconds slowly lower yourself back to
the floor do 3 sets of 10 reps the next
part is really tough these exercises
will burn your calories develop strength
endurance and increase muscle mass fair
warning only do it if you're already in
good physical shape and don't forget to
warm up and stretch your muscles before
training for a better and safer workout
use a chair without wheels stand in
front of the chair raise your left knee
and touch the seat with your toes switch
legs quickly bringing your right to the
seat and putting the left back on the
floor
repeat these running moves as quickly as
possible stay on your toes and only
lightly tap the chair with every rep run
for 20 to 30 seconds take a rest for
half a minute and repeat 2 more times
begin standing with your back to the
chair seat raise one foot from the floor
hinge at the hips and slowly lower
yourself to the seat extend the free
foot in front of you using it to balance
your weight sit down but only lightly
touching the seat keep your whole body
tense stand up with only one foot on the
floor do 3 sets of 10 reps for each leg
stand with your back to the front of the
chair put one foot on the seat behind
you then the other legs need with your
thigh parallel to the floor your front
knee shouldn't extend forward beyond the
toes straighten your propping leg and do
12 reps do 3 sets for each leg take the
plank position with your hands under
your shoulders and your feet on the
chair seat keep your triceps close to
the body bend your elbows and touch your
chest to the floor push up to the plank
position keeping your core tense and
your back straight during the entire
movement do 3 sets of 10 or 15 reps
put something heavy on the chair to fix
it to the floor lie on your back in
front of the chair with your head lying
near the chairs legs raise your arms
overhead and hold onto those legs keep
your back flat and lift your legs
straight above the floor lower them very
slowly to the starting position
keep your core and abs strain to protect
your lower back complete 3 sets of 10
reps good for you